what up it's drill and I was telling my
computer why because viruses piss me off
my antivirus expires like three
weeks of also aiming to set this bitch
to you can beg all fashion again and
yeah I just thought about reviewing it
so or how to do it for sure this is how
to do it super easy it will erase all
files and yeah first you shut down to
Peter you've already shut down it to be
shut down and big installing
some updates hope it's don't know
be that things should I believe you so
what you gotta do first is hold down
start playing or the power button and 0
if it's ok for those two
hope this shits working yep I want to
start steeping over once it starts deep
into ago we can go to professional
the beeping is so stupid pissing out
right now no oh yeah totally loading
your finals rubber block I already did
this once before I Friday yeah and this
will not reset or take off the windows
windows program windows 7i have yeah i'm
just bored of spare time to do this just
take for a while also you know I stomach
took me forever because of my first time
and fluffy and there's yeah it was just
taking everything and just pissed me off
completely but you know I thought it was
fresh and I'll have to refresh it again
well over a year later warning don't be
afraid of this guy that's what pic
nothing it's quick yeah and just make
sure you have your guitar guru plugged
in and recovery to factory default
software indeed just click Next and then
it's over to look at the person right
here right here it if i were to out of
box state system recovery up some there
included full of just book yeah and then
there's another blah blah blah and then
thank next right after that it's going
to reset your computer guys it is help
in any other way click like or subscribe
and yeah peace niggas